Overall, Clark is the most
astute and experienced.
Ah. So hire him.
Wendell has
the most potential.
And he has an excellent
work ethic.
Plus, you know,
he’s somewhat normal.
That’s what you like.
Vincent is the most intelligent.
Well, that’s what you like,
so you should hire him.
I mean, this person’s
gonna be your right-hand man.
Well, I’ve decided to take
your opinion into account
as | make this decision.
- Really?
- I’m making an effort.
- [ C e// Phone Rings]
- Well— Booth.
[Man With Japanese Accent]
Agent Booth, this is
Sergeant Nakamura.
[ Boot/7 ] Na/(II/
My friend Na/(l' with the sake.
H0 W’s it hang/n {7
I’m afraid they are
not hanging well, Booth.
What’s wrong?
My sister has not
returned my calls.
It has been five days.
Okay, look. We all know
how overly protective
you are of Sachi.
Your sister.
You’re a cop,
like me, Booth.
She calls every day.
Something’s wrong.
- Okay, so why are you
tellin’ me?
- ’Cause I’m in Tokyo.
Oh, Sachi’s here in DC?
Almost two months.
She told me she’d called you.
She has not called you?
Whoa.
Just relax, all right?
Twenty-one-year-old girl
probably doesn’t want...
her brother’s friend
crampin’ her style.
lfl ﬂy in, can you
help me look for her?
I’ll tell you what.
Just text me her information.
I’ll track her down,
and I’ll make her call you.
- Okay? I promise.
- Ar/Zgato.
-ja mate.
[Man On Speakerphone]
Detective Frame.
Hey, Ric/c, it’s 800th.
Listen, I’m lookin’
for a little
interagency cooperation.
What 0’0 you need?
Hey, has there been
any action...
on aJapanese national, legal entry,
named Sachi Nakamura?
Female, aged 21.
Uh, give me a minute.
[ Typing]
When were you inJapan?
A few years ago
on an exchange program
with the Tokyo police.
Nak’s a great guy, man.
He and his sister—
they made me feel like family.
- But he’s overprotective?
- He worries. Every parent does.
- But he’s her brother.
- Raised his little sister after his parents died.
- That makes him a parent.
- [Frame ] / got a hit on your girl.
Car registered to her
was found abandoned
near Til/brook salt marshes.
Salt marshes?
That’s a pretty popular place
to dump a body, Booth.
-Yeah.
-[Siren Wailing]
[ Police Radio Chatter]
[Siren B/ares ]
- Hey, I’m Special Agent—
- Booth. Yeah.
Detective Frame told me
to wait on you before
/had this vehicle to wed
- That was nice of him.
- I’m Officer Lisa Kopek.
Car’s registered
to Sachi Nakamura,
311 Ring Road.
Here on a work visa
from Tokyo,Japan.
/ printed her visa photo.
This is blood
on the upholstery.
Yeah.
- Any sign ofthe girl?
- No.
- D a m n.
- Yeah. Checked her res/dence. /t’s empty.
Looks like it’s been that way
a couple of da ys.
Also no s/gn
of her roommate,
NozomiSato.
Miss 5a to is here
on a lapsed student visa.
I... got a request in
for cada ver dogs.
Okay, whoa, whoa.
Bones, what we usually
do here is wait...
for people
in rubber boots.
| see something.
Ijust got
these shoes, so—
What is it.7A body?
No, it’s some kind of mask.
Okay, Bones. Come on.
Get out of there. 1 et’s go.
- Booth?
- What?
There’s ﬂesh in the mask.
Human head.
- She serious?
- Yeah, always.
And Booth?
This mask appears
to beJapanese in design.
[Brennan] Based on the weak prominence
ofthe arcus superciliaris,
the victim is female.
The head was decapitated
between C5 and C6 vertebrae.
Judging from decomp
and discoloration,
/’d est/mate the head
was in the pond
a m/nimum of four days.
Can you confirm decapitation
as cause ofdeath?
No.
Victim was in
the water too long.
The blood leached out.
There’s trace lodged deep
in the striae.
Blade could ha ve transferred
particulates from the ground...
into the wound track when it was
withdrawn from the bone.
Hey, sweetie,
Booth is in your office.
- He’s got some people with him.
- Thanks.
/ust when / thought
it cou/dn ’t get worse.
[Sighs]
Bones, this here is
Sachi Nakamura’s brother, Ken.
The honor is mine, Dr. Brennan.
May I present to you—
/ know Dr. Haru Tanaka.
The emperorawarded Dr. Tanaka
the Grand Cordon of the Order
of the Rising Sun...
for Dr. Tanaka ’s papeI;
“On In vestigation...
“of Second Fourth and Eighth
Sterna/ R/b End Variations...
Related to Age Estimation.”
It was brilliant.
I am honored to meet you.
- Everyone in the field accepts
that you are the best.
- Yes, I know.
/ told Ken and the doctor
they can aid in
the in vest/gation.
That is against protocol,
Booth.
Bones, this could be his sister.
I would enjoy working
with Dr. Tanaka.
You gonna be okay with this?
I am fine.
There is a contact wound
inferior to the mand/b/e...
exiting slightly anterior
to the bregma point.
That would be consistent
with a gunshot wound.
Bones, maybe you
shouldjustjump ahead
and ID. the victim.
Maxilla and zygomatic
conform to her photograph.
Palate is fractured,
but appears parabolic...
with a straight suture
across the palatine bone,
indicating that she was
a nativeJapanese speaker.
Did your sister have
any kind ofdistinctive...
facial scarring
or dental work?
When Sachi was eight,
she fell doing gymnastics.
Broke herjaw.
/t was wired for two months.
Impact fracture from a fall.
Remodeling ofthejaw
suggests...
that it occurred
prior to puberty.
I feel comfortable
identifying the remains
as your sister.
I’m very sorry.
Thank you.
Ifyou would excuse me.
Hey, Nak. Listen. I have agents
looking for Sachi’s roommate.
There’s a chance the roommate
may have seen something.
Yes. Good.
I’m sorry, Nak.
You have a child.
You know it was my responsibility
to keep her safe.
She was 21,
but still a child.
All right. Come on.
Let me get you back to the hotel.
You get some rest.
Not until we find
who did this.
I hear you, Nak,
but we need a lead—
something we can go on.
Sachi was gonna
move back toJapan,
but the man who took
these pictures said
he could make her a model.
Okay. There’s something.
Right?
[Footsteps]
Whoa. This is like one
ofthose big-eye paintings
they sell at the mall.
- The mask is based on anime design.
-Japanese animation.
So someone had it out
fora cartoon character?
No, this is original,
not representing any of
the well-known characters.
Sailor Moon,
Faye Valentine, Motoko.
The mask could ha ve
been used by the killer
to dehumanize the victim,
allowing whoever
decapitated her
to distance himself.
from the ugly reality
of her death.
Mmm, you are entering
the realm of psychology,
a field of unverifiable
speculation.
Perhaps I can be of further help
to Dr. Brennan.
Sometimes I hate hard science.
I know that seems immature,
but that’sjust how I feel.
- So any guesses?
- We don’t really have
enough evidence yet.
No, not the case. That doctor.
Dude or dudette?
I don’t know.
I—
Remember, Nak.
This is my investigation.
You’rejust a tourist.
Just a tourist.
Micah Strutt.
How can I help you?
F.B./. t/ke to ask you
a few questions...
about Sachi Nakamura
and Nozomi Sato.
Sure.
They were the roommates, right?
Nice kids.
When did you
see ’em last?
[Strutl‘]
Must be about
a couple months now
They came in fora shoot.
“Pappa Puffs”?
Yeah.
- The girls worked there.
- You made them pose like this?
Me? No.
That was their idea.
They convinced their boss
to do some advertising,
but he went postal
when he saw the proofs.
That old jerk fired them
for this.
It’s the 21 st century.
Who cares about
a little skin, right?
He does. That’s his sister.
[Chattering InJapanese]
Hey, I feel like someone...
slipped something into
my coffee.
Fashion is the way
theJapanese youth...
rebel against traditional
social roles.
[ Booth ]
What is with
the Ama -t o/i girls?
/ never expected to see
the sweet 1 o/itas here
in the States
Culture follows
the youth.
/t ’s/ust innocent role-playing
usual/y
- Nak.
- I see.
- Excuse me. You the owner?
- Why do you ask?
F.B.l.
[SpeakingJapanese]
We need your help.
As a tourist.
Need to ask you a few questions
about Sachi Nakamura...
- and her friend Nozomi.
- Sachi and Nozomi in trouble?
Well, Sachi is dead,
and Nozomi is missing.
I’ve known them since
they started coming
for the tea parties.
They were anime girls.
I gave themjobs.
Is this the mask that Sachi
was wearing to the parties?
No. That’s Nozomi’s.
What happened?
- Those girls were—
were like family.
- You always fire family?
They developed other interests.
They didn’t belong here anymore.
I tried to talk to them,
explain what a bad choice
they were making.
What are you talking about?
The girls started working
for an escort service.
I couldn’t allow that here.
Families come here.
It’s not possible.
- It’s true.
- Not my sister.
- Your sister?
- You know the name
ofthe escort service?
- Elegant Escorts.
- Don’t believe you.
- [ Both Shouting InJapanese]
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Whoa. Put the cleaver down, pal.
Easy.
Put it down.
[Booth ]
You knew it was gonna happen
the moment you hit that guy
Sorry, Nak.
I gotta take you
off the case.
Booth, the guy
basically told him...
- that his sister was a prostitute.
- He had a knife.
- You’re too close to this one.
- Could be the one.
We’d ha ve to ﬁnd the rest
of the body before we could
make that determination.
What would you say to me
ifwe were in Tokyo?
- That it was my case.
- Are you sending him back toJapan?
He can have his pancakes first.
Well, if Nak goes back toJapan,
then so will Dr. Tanaka,
and that would be bad for the case
because Dr. Tanaka..
has a unique
cultural perspective.
All right, fine. Okay?
We’ll have a cooling-off period.
But you have to realize, we cannot
solve this case ifyou are out of control.
I’m grateful.
As am I.
- Dr. Saroyan.
- Dr. Tanaka.
With your permission,
I would like to free
the head oftissue.
I have a test to perform first.
You’re welcome to observe.
- This is ferrocene?
- Yes. I’m testing for gunshot residue.
- No reaction.
- Any shot fired within five feet...
would have left residue.
The angle of entry
was steep,
- exiting at the top ofthe cranium.
- Sachi was only five feet tall.
Even ifthe killer was lying on
the ground, there’d be residue.
Perhaps she was
coming do wnstairs.
Or maybe standing
on the balcony of her apartment.
Grab some goggles
and a mask.
Did you know the victim,
Dr. Tanaka?
I met Sachi three times.
She and her brother
were very close.
That’s a very big favor
to do Detective Nakamura,
coming all the way from Japan.
Iwould do anything
for him.
-OMy
-[Vthnng]
There.
While I examine
the wound track,
you can analyze
exit trauma.
Thank you.
[Brennan]
Since Booth took you
out of the field
I thought perhaps
you’d like to consolidate...
the results ofour analysis
to convey to Booth.
You are trying
to make me feel useful.
No, I— I don’t really
do things like that.
I owe you for talking Booth
out of sending me home.
Wasn’tme.
Booth is a very empathetic man.
Yes. Are you aware
how we met?
Um, some kind
of exchange program?
Ha/Z Most of
the FBI. agents showed up...
and started telling us
how to handle our
organized crime problem.
Booth said noth/ng.
Two or three days,
just listening.
He was quiet? That—
[Chuckles]
That does not sound
like Booth.
Then he asked a question.
He asked, “How would
you gentlemen handle...
our organized crime
problem?”
He was respectful.
That is the basis
ofyour friendship?
That and a situation
Inc/ted by...
a gallon of sake,
a police boat...
- and Uruga Harbor at dawn.
-[Laughs]
You’re a lucky woman,
Dr. Brennan.
To work with Booth.
I know.
To work with Booth. Yes.
Here you go.
[Sweets]
So the-the mask didn’t
belong to the killer.
It belonged to Nozomi,
Sachi’s roommate.
Okay. So?
So perhaps the killer
wasn’t trying to
dehumanize his victim.
Two coffees, please.
[Woman]
You got it.
Well, maybe hejust had
a thing for girls in masks.
- I mean, I get that.
- You do?
Yeah.
In an objective, evidentiary way.
You had a point?
Yeah. I think that
the killer was purposely...
projecting Nozomi’s identity
onto his murder victim.
Hey. So... I googled Tanaka.
300 hits, all japanese.
None with a personal pronoun.
- Maybe we should just ask her.
- Him.
Uh, you people can identify
human remains based on
a tiny little finger bone,
but you can ’t/udge
the sex of a person
standing right in front of you.
Does nobody else
see the irony in this?
Of course.
But as a scientist,
I also see the challenge.
Well, Dr. Tanaka
identifies with a subset...
ofan urbanJapanese
aesthetic known as Ke/I
There you are.
Thank you.
It glorifies androgyny.
Well, mission accomplished
there, Dr. Tanaka.
You know, I think
you’re probably right.
We should just ask him.
- Her.
- Tanaka won’t answer.
That’s the whole point.
Gender is unimportant.
We should be mature enough...
to accept Dr. Tanaka
just the way Dr. Tanaka is.
- Yeah, you know what?
You’re right. Who cares?
-Yeah. I mean,
- it doesn’t really matter what he is.
- She.
What she is.
- You mind?
- Yeah, actually, I do.
James Sok, right?
Elegant Escorts?
Yeah. So? I run a legitimate business.
[Strikes Car]
You’re a pimp.
/ don ’t like pimps.
He really doesn’t.
No.
Your record says
that you assaulted
Bruce Takedo.
Those charges were dropped—
because the guy attacked me.
With a knife.
All I did was protect myself.
Real/y?
Probably because you were
recruit/ng at his place.
MiddIe-aged guy surrounds
himselfwith schoolgirls—
- Maybe he’s the guy
you wanna look at.
- NozomiSato—
You recognize her?
Yeah. I like Nozomi.
Well, she’s missing.
Well, most of my models
come from Asia.
They-They’re young. Flaky.
Sometimes they take off.
You know, you got
a sweet life, jimm y
You got a houseboat down in the marina.
You got cash rollin’ in.
Ifyou wanna live your life
as my prime suspect...
in the murder
of Sachi Nakamura,
that’sjust fine.
Butjust know,
as of right now,
your business is done.
Or? [ T
aps 0n Hood]
Or you give me something shiny
to distract me.
I don’t know anything
about Sachi Nakamura,
but, uh, Nozomi
booked a client last Friday,
and I haven’t seen her since.
That’s the day that
Sachi Nakamura disappeared.
- What’s the client’s name?
- Banker named Vogler.
Got hurt bad in the big crunch.
Made him mean.
And Nozomi didn’t mind
a little rough stuff.
Let’s go, Bones.
That shiny enough for you?
Excuse me?
Booth? Okay, come on.
[ Tanaka ]
There is a small scratch
to the left of the exit wound
And the directionality is
outward from the midpoint
ofthe coronal suture.
Whatever pierced the skull
must have splintered
back inside.
Splintered? /t was a gunshot.
Don ’t you mean fragmented?
There are no striations on
the cross-section ofthe exit wound.
So she wasn’t killed
by a bullet?
That is my assessment.
What could have been
driven through her head?
Perhaps you can inform Booth
that the murder weapon
was not a gun.
And we can x-ray the brain
to see ifwe find any
evidence of splinters.
I ran the particulates from the C5
through the mass spec.
Nematodes, turbellaria,
copepods— blah, blah, blah.
All congruent with the marsh
where the head was found.
I am not familiar
with the “bra, bra, bra.”
But / also found bird vomit
on the victim’s head
- Now I truly do not understand.
- Totally lost.
Okay. All right.
In salt marshes,
there are high marshes,
low marshes and salt ﬂats.
Dr. Brennan found the head
on the low marsh.
Yes, but that bird vomit
comes from Catoptrophorus
sem/pa/matus.
A willet.
The willet is a high-marsh
creature.
But the cadaver dogs
are looking here
in the lo w marsh.
They should be looking
here in the high marsh,
where the willet is found.
- But that is miles away.
- Yeah, which is why we need
to call the search team.
Why would someone cut
a head offa body here...
and drive miles away
to dispose ofthe head here?
I rarely find motive
in bird vomit.
[ Barks]
Seek.
José, it’s here.
[josé]
Okay
[Dog Barks]
[Booth]
Bones?
[ Cell Phone Beep/ng ]
Nak, I think we found her.
[Saroyan ]
/ WIl/ autopsy the remains,
then give the body
back to Dr. Brennan so
she can remove the tissue.
[Brennan]
The marks on the vertebrae
will give us...
a clear idea ofthe weapon
used to decapitate her.
Dr. Tanaka can help me
prepare the brain
for “liquefication.”
Perhaps he shouldn’t be here.
If he doesn’t ask for help,
it would be an insult
for me to offer.
It would imply weakness.
I realize that staying here
shows great strength...
and commitment
to your sister’s memory.
She is lucky to have
such a devoted brother.
But it is distracting for us...
and might compromise our work.
I’m sure
you wouldn’t want that.
Of course not.
I will come to you
with any news.
[Saroyan]
The heat and vibration
will liquefy the tissue,
enabling us to examine
whatever foreign particle
was picked up by the X-ra y
[Machine Whirring]
This was an excellent idea.
Thank you.
Is there something wrong?
What? No. Why?
You were staring at me.
I was? I was? I—
I didn’t realize it.
I... like your shirt.
Oh. Wow. Look at that brain.
Oh, I think I see it.
What iS it?
VVood?
The wound track
wasn’t from a bullet,
but from a piece of wood
being thrust into her skull?
Let’s not get ahead
of ourselves—
Give it to Hodgins...
so we know exactly what
we’re dealing with.
Right away.
He has also been staring.
It seems many people
like my shirt.
[Door Opens]
[Booth ]
Paul I/ogler?
[Groans]
What the hell?
Don’t stop because of us.
Like to ask you a few questions
about Nozomi Sato.
- How much do you charge
fora massage?
- $200.
Bones
What? It seems way too much.
Her kno w/edge of the skeletal
and muscular system seems
minimal at best
Right. Uh, she’s
not that type of masseuse.
- So. Nozomi Sato?
- Who?
You know, the prostitute
you like beating up.
I don’t know
what you’re talking about.
Okay, ﬁne.
We’lljust go subpoena
the phone records
from Elegant Escorts.
I saw her a few times.
O h, really?
Yeah, to blow off
some steam.
You know. A photographer
who did some ads
for my firm—
He’s the one that gave me
the Elegant flyer.
- Micah Strutt?
- Yeah. I guess he shot
for them too.
You-You should really focus
on the iliocostalis
and the longissimus.
That’s where most people
carry theirtension.
Like this.
[Groans]
Whoa. Oh, that’s great.
You see?
That’s what they want.
Not... usually.
Bones, she ’s a “happy ending ”
masseuse.
- Okay? Happy ending.
- Oh.
How about this girl?
I never met her.
Nozomi was the only escort
I was seeing.
You seem to be a ﬁne collector
ofAs/an art.
Do you want to explain
the sword on the wall...
there in the background?
It’s a nihonto sword.
/t was used by
the feudal executioners
to behead the condemned
I know. I had to sell it.
I lost a fortune in the market.
Right How convenient of you
to sell the sword oﬁ,‘
- you know, since
Sachi Nakamura was beheaded.
- What?
- Beheaded.
- Hey, I don’t know what you’re thinking—
Hitting the iliohypogastric
nerve—
[Gasps]
- can be extremely painful.
- [Sharp Groan]
Where’s the sword now?
Listen—
[Sharp Groan]
God! I’m not saying
another word to you people
without my lawyer.
Fine. That’s fine with us.
We’ll be in touch.
Come on, Bones.
[Sharp Groan ]
- She’s a quick learner.
- Yeah. I/e/y quick
[ Groaning]
Hey. / d/d
a little research
on Strutt Photography
I almost asked Tanaka.
No. Really?
Not that it matters, but he—
she/he caught me staring.
I didn’t mean to, but—
I had an opening, you know?
But I didn’t know
how to lead off.
IfI said he/she was a girl,
and he/she was a guy,
he/she might be offended,
or other way around.
Same thing. God.
I miss the ease
ofa simple pronoun.
Yeah, tell me about it.
All right, check out
Strutt Photography’s Web site.
There’s a link
to additional services...
which requires permission
and a password.
I traced the LP. address,
and I found the FTP. site...
that contains all the uploads.
Then / bypassed
the pass word pro tection
by hacking into the server...
where his Web address
is registered.
Why do I feel like
my checking account isn’t safe?
Look what Mr. Strutt’s
been hiding.
[Saroyan ] These pictures
definite/y weren ’t taken
at Strutt’s studio.
[Angela ]
it’s a long lens,
foreground objects—
Probably taken without
the subject’s consent.
Classic stalker photos.
Mm-hmm.
If he was stalking Sachi—
Maybe it wasn’tjust pictures
he wanted to shoot.
Forgive me, Dr. Brennan,
but I must ask...
ifyou are familiar
with the Shinto idea
of kam/I
The spiritual essence
of an object.
Yes.
Icannotdeﬁne
what is missing
from this skull—
how its kami is incomplete.
Maybe because the top
ofthe cranium
had been removed.
Perhaps.
I often find that
handling the bone...
gives me insight
that pure science
cannot explain.
I find that pure science
is the only thing...
that gives satisfactory
explanations, Dr. Tanaka.
There is something
with the temporal bone.
Yes. The tympanomastoid—
a swelling in the airspace.
Tympanomastoid hemorrhaging
in the absence of
a bleeding diathesis.
The victim was drowned.
Very impressive, Dr. Tanaka.
/t wasn ’t me.
It was the kami.
Well, she wasn’t killed
by whate ver pierced
her brain.
I aspirated her lungs.
Cause ofdeath was drowning.
We need to determine
ifthe victim was drowned
in the marsh or somewhere else.
No problem. I’ll analyze
the water samples
from the lungs.
Now, I discovered
what the splinter
from the brain tissue is—
Pseudosasa japonica.
It’s arrow bamboo.
It’s ornamental.
Only grows indoors
in this climate.
Sharpened bamboo
could easily pierce a skull.
[Saroyan ]
The girl was drowned first,
a mask was put on her,
then she was decapitated...
and her head was mounted
on a bamboo stake?
Yeah, and then the head
was tossed into the marsh?
Let’s find out what kind
ofwater was in her lungs.
She was beautiful, wasn’t she?
Yes, she was.
A beautiful young woman.
Which is probably
why she came to America.
She felt like a woman...
and wanted to be rid
ofa big brother watching her
all the time.
My parents left
me and my brother
when I was 15.
My brother was
the only family
that I had then,
but he walked out
on me too.
I’m sorry.
I turned out quite well,
actually,
but it would have
been nice to have had
a brother like you.
According
to the FBI. logs,
she called you every day,
often twice a day,
and the conversations...
never were less
than five minutes...
and averaged 15 minutes.
This has meaning for you?
Objectively speaking,
it would indicate...
an irrefutable desire
to connect—
A deep and abiding love.
I cannot imagine
never talking to her again.
I myself have
no one in my life
whom I talk to that much.
Outside of work, I mean.
Perhaps that is good.
How so?
I can see how much
pain you’re in.
Is it worth it?
To have your own happiness
so contingent upon
another human being?
IfI was willing...
to give up my life
for Sachi,
why would I not be willing
to risk my happiness for her?
[Saroyan On Speakerphone]
Hodgins analyzed the water
in Sachi’s lungs.
/ found d/brom/des.
It’s the active ingredient
in a[g/c/des...
U560, 2‘0 treat waterfeatures.
So the victim wasn’t drowned
in the salt marshes? She was
drowned in a water feature?
Hey, the photographer has
a water thing in his lobby.
Feature.
Water feature.
I’m not gonna say “feature.”
It’sjust weird, okay?
I’ll say pond or pool.
- Orthing.
- All right, wishing well.
Can wejust move on?
Hodgins, ifwe had a sample,
could you isolate
a single water feature?
Yeah, I could match profiles.
Ifyou think the photographer
is the killer, I want to be there.
Nak, ifyou budge
from the jeffersonian,
I will have you
on the first plane
backtoJapan.
You understand?
You kno w me,
and you know that’s true.
[ Beep, Dial Tone]
You were kind of mean there, Booth.
Man’s in big pain, Bones.
Makes it hard for him to hear.
I’ve never heard ofgrief
affecting auditory acuteness.
Medical fact. Look it up.
Okay, I thought you only did
one shoot with Sachi Nakamura.
Okay, look, this is getting
totally out of hand.
Maybe I should get a lawyer.
What’s your connection
withJames Sok?
All I do
is give him names, man.
- What names?
- Names of girls who don’t mind
doing nude shots.
Oh, finder’s fee.
Yeah.
I mean, that’s all.
Right. I mean, you do know
whatJames Sok does with
these girls, right?
I mind my own business.
He’s a pimp,
which makes you a pimp too.
What about Sachi?
She wouldn’t pose nude.
- What about these photos?
- Well, it’s a style, man.
Look, I got the releases
that she signed before
we even did it.
You wanna see ’em?
Yes. Thank you.
The water at the photographer’s
studio uses chlorine.
So Sachi was not
drowned there?
No, sir.
- You should inform Dr. Saroyan.
- Yeah, I already have.
Ijust thought ifI were you,
I’d wanna hear everything
from the horse’s mouth.
Thank you, Dr. Hodgins.
Any luck with the Microsil?
Yes.
I believe your
partly Chinese woman will be able...
to reconstruct the tool
used to decapitate the victim.
Uh, excuse me. Hi
I heard that.
Dr. Tanaka means no offense.
In Japanese, that would not
sound so insulting.
I will complete my work
and give you the results.
So how are you holding up?
I should have known
the life she was living.
Listen. Your sister
wasn’t a prostitute.
Her roommate was.
It was a warning.
What was?
Putting Sachi’s head on the spike.
In feudalJapan,
a traitor’s head was placed
on a pole as a warning...
that others should
fear the warlords.
Right. And she was wearing
her roommate Nozomi’s mask.
Yes, because the warning
was meant for Nozomi
Nozomi sees the head
and knows she must run.
And she disposes of it
so that no one will think
that she killed Sachi
But what did my sister do?
IfSachi was a good girl,
what did she do to get killed?
[Booth]
Picked up her roommate
trying to leave the country.
She’s still pretty freaked out.
She saw her best friend’s
head on a spike.
Trauma like that
could take years
to assimilate.
Yeah, we don’t have years, okay?
So get in there and work
your magic, all right?
Go.
[Door Closes]
[Exhales]
We’ll keep you safe,
Nozomi.
You don’t have to worry.
Can I get you anything?
[Sniffles]
[Exhales]
took /know
you feel alone.
You think that no one else
could understand
what you went through.
And no one could,
but that doesn’t mean
that you can’t be helped.
We can prevent
anything like this
from happening again—
to you or anyone else.
/f you tell us
who d/d this, Nozomi
we can protect you.
And we’ll make sure
that you get home safely.
[Whimpering Softly]
We got the general shape
from Dr. Tanaka ’5 cast,
but we still need
to fill in the details.
Does the basic shape
resemble a katana sword...
or aJapanese dough knife?
Well, it’s too early
to say.
The prominent residual striae
indicate that a power tool
was not used,
and that the blade
was curved.
It has a combination
of serrated and plain edging.
All right, so there goes
the katana sword.
From the breakaway spur,
I could see that there are...
approximately
six teeth per inch
on the serrated section.
- Okay. Anything else?
- There also appears to be something...
that catches on the bone
as it’s pulled back, like
a hook nearthe blade’s point.
Ooh. That’s good.
/ ’ve ne ver seen a knife like
that. Perhaps there was an error
in the topography of m y mold
No. / ’ve seen
this knife before.
It’s a marine knife.
The hook is used for
cutting line and cord.
Wait a minute.James Sok—
the owner of Elegant Escorts—
doesn’t he live on a boat?
So what was it, Sok?
You wanted to keep Nozomi
in line, so you used Sachi
as an example?
Sachi— She doesn ’t
even work for you.
Where’d you get that?
We have a search warrant.
These were ta ken
from your boat.
The serrations
are consistent...
- with the tool markings
on the bone.
- I didn’t kill anyone.
Then you ’re gonna have to
explain why there ’5 blood
on your knife.
It’s clean.
- What?
- There’s no blood
on the knife.
Yeah, well, I’m sure
there’s another knife.
We’ll just tear your place apart
until we find one.
That’s all.
Booth?
He didn ’t clean
the sheath.
Ha. Look at that.
Why don’t you just save
the taxpayers some money
and confess?
Why don’t you
offer me a deal instead?
You’re really in
no bargaining position
right now, Mr. Sok.
Evidence proves
that you killed Sachi.
No, it doesn’t.
It proves that he cut off her head.
She died by drowning.
Very good.
Sachi stuck her nose
in where it didn’t belong.
Ifyou wanna know
who killed her,
you’ll cut me a deal.
[Scoffs]
Right.
You cut off her head
and you stuck it on a spike
to keep your girls in line,
and you want me
to cut you a deal?
Yeah. That’s right.
What do you want to do, Nak?
Iwant to kill him.
Look. He could give us
Sachi’s murderer.
And then he goes free—
the man who put
my sister’s head on a spike.
If I don’t cut this deal, then...
her murderer could walk.
This is your case, Booth.
That one doesn’t matter.
To me it does.
And it would to Sachi.
Cut the deal.
Paul Vogler.
He was a good customer.
One of my best.
Always wanted Nozomi.
But he liked to get rough—
sometimes maybe too rough.
One day that girl Sachi
barges in to I/og/er’s place scream/ng,
say/ng she was gonna call
her cop brother...
if I/og/er e ver touched
her friend Nozomi again.
I/og/er pushes her
Into his koi pond
holds her do wn,
/ust to shut her up.
Idiot kills her.
He paid me
to clean up the mess.
So, yeah, / put the girl’s head
in Nozomi’s apan‘ment,
and Nozomi took off
He / knew she would
/ had a business to save,
but / d/dn ’t k/l/ anyone.
/t was I/og/er.
[Match Strikes]
Hey, Nak.
Nozomi’s been cleared
to leave by Immigration.
I’ll see that she gets home safely.
- Thank you, Nak.
- And Sachi can rest with our parents.
Ifthe teachings are correct,
she will be reborn.
And Sok and Vogler
will have to answer for their actions.
That is h/gh/y improbable.
But I hope that it’s true.
I am forever in your debt.
My friend, one ofthose
good Japanese beers will bejust fine.
Oh, / ’d prefer sake.
Sake.
We’ll let you know
when it’s time to go. Okay?
[Hodgins]
So... no one asked Tanaka?
[Sweets]
Doesn’t matter, remember?
Yeah. Yeah. No, I know.
It’s Tanaka’s life.
We are not children.
Very good.
Oh, this is ridiculous.
Hey, Haru. It was great
working with you.
I hope to see you again soon.
Okay then.
Have a great trip back.
Okay.
It moved. He’s a guy.
Yeah.
There. Huh?
Hey, it’s good for what ails ya.
But usually in this situation,
we’d have alcohol.
Which is exactly why
we should do this, okay?
From time to time.
Oh, no.
[Imitates Airplane]
Yum, hmm? Here you go.
Will he recover,
your friend Ken?
From losin’ his sister?
Urn, well, you don’t recover
from something like that.
You just survive.
People die.
There’s a fault in the design
if we can’t recover from it.
“Fault in the design”?
What are we, coffee pots?
Mmm, Ijust mean that...
we should be designed
so that we can handle the worst.
We are des/gned that way
We aren’t sent anything
that we can’t handle.
I’m not convinced
that loving someone is worth it.
I got a son, and it’s worth it.
Even if he died?
Whoa. Bones, don’t even
say that like that.
Don’t even put that
out there.
It is worth it,
and everything around it
is worth it.
Every moment—
Everything...
is worth it,
so eat the ice cream
before it melts.
I wish it was beer.
Right.
Know what?
Okay.
You’re right.
Now, this is what
I’m talking about.
Good. We agree to understand
that this is worth it.
What’s that mean?